feat(cla): add cla signing and administration steps (#271)
mojaloop/documentation: contributors-guide/signing-the-cla.md

# Signing the CLA

> Mojaloop has a [Contributor Licence Agreement (CLA)](https://github.com/mojaloop/mojaloop/blob/master/CONTRIBUTOR_LICENSE_AGREEMENT.md) which clarifies the intelletual property for contributions from individuals or entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mojaloop has a [Contributor License Agreement (CLA)](https://github.com/mojaloop/mojaloop/blob/master/CONTRIBUTOR_LICENSE_AGREEMENT.md) which clarifies the intellectual property rights for contributions from individuals or entities.
```

Author: Thanks - yeah I always forget to spellcheck...

To ensure every developer has signed the CLA, we use [CLA Assistant](https://cla-assistant.io/), a well maintained, open source tool which checks to make sure that a contributor has signed the CLA before allowing a pull request to be merged.

## How to sign the CLA

> 1. Open a pull request to any Mojaloop repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open a pull request on any Mojaloop repository
```

Author: Haha that's more of a semantic issue I'd say - I'm not fussed either way
